Question 1)
the formula for calculating your maximum heart rate in beats per minute
is 220 minus your age in years. Your target heart rate is a range that is
50-85% of your maximum heart rate.Create a class called Rates.
The class attributes should include the person's first name,last name, 
year of birth and the current year. Your class should have a constructor
that receives this data as parameters. For each attribute provide
a property with set and get accessors. the class also should include a 
property that calculates and returns the person's age (in years), a property
that calculates and returns the person's maximum heart rate and properties
that calculate and return the person's minimum and maximum target heart rates.
Write an app that prompts for the person's information, instantiates an object
of class Rates and displays the information from that object, including
the person's first name, last name, and year of birth. then calculates and displays 
the person's age in years, maximum heart rate and target-heart-rate range.

Question 2)


you will design a "starter" Profile class for a person. The class
attributes should include the person's first name, last name, gender, date of 
birth (consisting of separate attributes for the month,day and year of birth),
height (in inches) and weight (in pounds). Your class should have a constructor
that receives this data. For each attribute provide a property with set and get
accessors. the class also should include methods that calculate and return the 
user's age in years,maximum heart rate and target-heart-rate range (see previous
question ) , and body mass index. Write an app that prompts for the person's
information, instantiates an object of class Profile for that
person and displays the information from that object - incluing the person's 
first name, last name, gender , date of birth, height and weight. then calculates
and displays the person's age in years, BMI (body mass index) , 
maximum heart rate and target-heart-rate range.




















